# 11056 Reflection

When starting this project, I was unsure where the best place to start was. I originally chose to make a website on Australian bands but realised this would be hard to find general content on. So, I decided to remake the artists page of the Canberra Art Biennial. 

Once my topic was decided on, I started to code my site. I struggled to understand the best place start, so I started with the CSS document. Changing the margins were simple to understand. Instead of creating a grid for the main content I set it as a percentage of 70. I also used the inner wrapper because it creates a responsive website without the @media screen tag in CSS. This stacks my website when it is viewed on smaller devices and also shrinks the images without warping them. The main struggle I faced was inserting images. I tried inserting an image in the same way you would on a HTML file. The images were not appearing on the website so I formatted the in the way they are presented in my code. Overall, I found this new process of coding difficult to get my head around but once I started putting my information onto my markdown file, I understood why this process is much easier than coding each page. I have tried to make this page as simple as I could to make this process easier to understand and my end result reflects this simple, clean format. Upon reflection on this semester, I would’ve liked to have used mark down coding for the first assignment as it has given me a greater understanding of how code works.
